# Django-environment

A plugin for virtualenv to easily create new django projects or bootstrap and existing projects.

This project is currently very experimental so feel free to use it with that understanding.

## Project Goal
This is the start of the Django-environment project. The idea is to make it as easy as possible to start a new Django-environment for a new project. It's basically a plugin for Python-virtualenv. So the hope is that eventually it will be as easy as running the following to setup a new Django project.

	$ pip install django-enviroment
	$ mkvirtualenv mycoolproject

## Install
Currently it's a little more manual than the above to use Django-environment.

First download or clone Django-environment and put the Django-environment anywhere on your hard drive that you want and have access.

You need to install virtualenv first (`pip install virtualenv`) and then you can simply replace `$VIRTUAL_ENV/bin/postactivate` and `$VIRTUAL_ENV/bin/postdeactivate` in the virtualenv for your project with `bin/postactivate` and `bin/postdeactivate` that are in the Django-enviroment directory.

You also need to either copy or symlink `bin/runserver` to  `$VIRTUAL_ENV/bin/runserver` in your project virtualenv.

The last step is to add the following settings to your Django settings.py for your project.

	PROJECT_DIR     = '/home/username/sites/example.com' # The root directory where your project is saved
	PKG_DIR_LIST    = ['%s/third_party' % PROJECT_DIR]   # List of additional package directories you want to add to the python path
	SETTINGS_MODULE = 'example.config.settings'          # The python path to your django settings
	SERVER_ADDR     = '127.0.0.1'                        # Django Dev Server address (Not Required)
	SERVER_PORT     = '8088'                             # Django Dev Server port (Not Required)
	FABFILE         = '%s/bin/fabfile.py' % PROJECT_DIR  # Path to your fabric fabfile (Not Required)